Dan doesn't teach us: We have about an hour of "lectures" where we goes off on tangents, or my personal favorite, he'll figure things out with us. Both of those scenarios are assuming that he actually shows up to class.

Pilot cannot fail: The instructors have point blank stated that anyone in the pilot program will be pushed through, regardless of their grades. References: PVT Cannon and PVT Underwood

JCAC Bashing/Discrimination: Constant jokes about how "JCAC didn't teach you this?", random networking instructor interupted class time to ask us questions about JCAC, and then berate the course and tell us that we didn't know anything. References: Entire Class

Grading: Grading scale is uneven and objective to the grader, not the content. During the windows exam, it was re-graded due to the discovery that a certain instructor was grading very easily compared to other instructors.

Lack of instruction: Multiple times, when asking the assitant instructors for assistance or clarification, they will either tell us they don't know or answer yes to an open ended question.

Instructors are helping students cheat: On the dasboot excersize, multiple pilot students weren't able to finish on time, so they stayed behind after class to work on it, where instructors then fed them the answers. References: PFC Hayes

Mr. Gasparc: Gasparc is harrassing me over my course work, yet I constantly score 100's. Instructed me to violate academic integerity, by teaching fellow students the "concept" of excersizes. References: PVT McNair, SSGT Meade

Withholding AARs: We haven't been given the opportunity to submit any form of AAR, thereby withholding our voice about the course and the mistakes that are being made.

Instructors aren't prepared: Instructors have needed help running, understanding, and trouble shooting their scripts. Indicating a lack of knowledge and readiness to teach.

Lack of Professionalism: The default password for our virtual machines are eeyore:hatemyjob

June 15 2018 08:28- PVT Cannon asks the instructor a question about the upcoming week, Dan responds with "Do you want to teach the course"

June 15 2018 08:34- Dan tells the entire class you can use perl

June 15 2018 08:39- Dan talks about the integrity violations

